yeah great question so it starts by
recognizing
that like you're looking for answers
fundamentally because this is the way
you've been trained
so like literally the reason i ask you
the question where do you get the idea
that there is
a formula for success it's because like
everywhere around you like even though
you've figured out and this is huge for
you by the way i think it's awesome that
you figured this out
that your formula for success is not
your parents formula for success
the next step is for you to figure out
is there a formula for success
i'm actually not home i'm uh stuck
at hamburg germany right now because of
the corona
yeah so i have to like stream from phone
and work from chrome and like do
everything from my phone right now oh
wow so
yeah i'm sorry okay you're stranded
that's fantastic
it's okay it's an experience you know
there are some good things coming with
it
so yeah i hope it's involved
can you tell me about those and it's
mira right
yes yeah nice to meet you nice to meet
you too so
uh mira what are we talking about today
oh so much i wanted to talk to you about
well um first of all i wanted to say
that
i think what you've been doing on twitch
is
absolutely amazing just like
absolutely astonishing like uh
i'm just grateful that people
actually trying to bring awareness into
mental health in the gaming community
because i've been streaming on twitch
for like over five years and i've never
ever seen anything like so useful
like it's please keep doing what you're
doing that's all i wanted to say
thank you so much i i really appreciate
the the
support and and kind of the positive
wishes it keeps
us going so i'm grateful for your
support
yeah so yeah um i started
watching you from the very beginning
actually like the first stream that you
did with byron
yeah the first time that you stream with
byron i actually
uh watched the whole thing and i had
like a very strong reaction to that
uh for two reasons actually
well the first one is because i could
relate to like what byron was talking
about
um me and byron we don't keep in touch
but like back like
few like years ago we kind of had a
similar
like we connected on a level of like
depression and like how we
felt yeah um so when he was talking
about all these issues with you
it just it was like trigger point for me
so i was kind of like reliving some of
my experiences and all the conversations
that you were having with him i found
very helpful um like i kept reflecting
on that and
yeah so obviously that had um an impact
on me
and as i mentioned like the fact that i
haven't seen anything like this
useful on twitch for years and years i
mean yeah
twitch just brings some entertainment
here and there
but like actual like
knowledge like actual help
like it's just i just think it's amazing
so for me it was like wow
yeah so i i think um you know a lot of
people i think
byron's courage was really instrumental
in in
you know demonstrating to people that
like you can talk about things that are
normally hidden
and yeah and that you don't have to be
ashamed or afraid of
of what's on the inside and yeah
so what was it about and the other thing
that's you know i guess not that
surprising but i think a lot of
streamers and our community because
streamers are like
you know we think about streamers as
different but i think they're like
they're part of
our community right like they're just of
course yeah and
and so depression and mental health
problems are something that we all
struggle with
um and so was there something in
particular that like sort of
was uh you know resonated with you about
the the talk with byron
well yeah i already mentioned that
me and him like interacted before in the
past and
there was this one discussion that i had
with him
one-on-one with off stream we were
talking about
not feeling much
you know that issue when you feel like
you
have almost everything in life well you
know that like a normal person would
think they need to feel happy but you
just don't
feel happy and on top of that you just
don't feel much at all
and yes exactly
and like the more you you dug it with
byron the more like you realize that
there was
traumas that you know sort of affected
the way that he is
so i really i try to because i try to
contact you uh pretty much right after
you talk to byron
but it was a little hard to get in touch
so um but i didn't get disencouraged
no no it's absolutely understandable you
have other things to do
so um i try to sort of dig that on my
own and
i try to good for you um yeah i just try
to get like information
online and like work on myself and
figure out what was really wrong
and i mean i progressed kind of
ish i had some progress through that but
um can you tell us a little bit about
that journey
uh yeah i can
um well
i did realize that a lot
of my mental issues just came from the
way my parents raised me always in it
like that with everyone pretty much
and um a lot of it i didn't even realize
that i
had because i thought that's just how
world is
you know because their parents raised a
certain way and we like believe that's
it
absolutely yeah so it's kind of hard to
reflect on that like on your own but um
absolutely
so um let me just
sorry one second i'm gonna sit cross
like that's the tapping sorry about that
twitch
yeah that's what i'm doing too so
mira would you like like is it okay if i
ask you some questions about that
okay and if you know if there's anything
that i ask that you're not comfortable
answering just let me know and
and you know you don't have to say
anything that you're not comfortable
with
um so let's start with the so so when
you said that it was
a lot of it has to do with the way that
your parents raised you can you tell me
a little bit about what growing up was
like for you
yes i can
um i grew up in um
i have to be careful with the words i
choose you
um careful about the words you choose
uh my parents they're more or less like
public figures so
i have to like be careful okay
uh-huh so and that's like another big
thing that added to my childhood because
you can
truly do what you want
all the time you have to like be very
careful about like
how you present yourself okay
um not so much i guess on twitch they
can twitch
that's why i like try to you know keep
that part separate very separate
because i feel like i can um i feel more
free to express myself and twitch
but growing up i had a pretty strict
upbringing i guess
like my parents were open-minded about
some things but for the most part they
had a very specific ideas
about how we should be raised and like
what we need to do in life um and how
um i guess uh
what else we need to do to be happy and
stay sort of
uh very controlling in my opinion
and what did they think you needed to do
in life
you know the normal stuff you
graduate school then you go to college
you graduate college and of course you
have to have very good grades everywhere
and you have to be on your best behavior
everywhere
you have to make them proud what does
best behavior look like
you just have to be the best you just
have to be the best like there's nothing
else
like you have to have a ways like this
that's it like i just remember school is
very
stressful mainly because of that
so yeah and then when you graduate
college you need to
um you know you don't have to get a job
just like go straight into
marriage because like you have to have a
husband you have to have kids
and you're gonna feel happy there you
know
but then the time comes you realize okay
check check check check
i feel empty and what were the checks
what were the boxes that you had checked
okay i didn't get the
i didn't get the kids back i didn't get
a few boxes
but um i think it's really good that i
didn't have kids so i think you have to
be mentally very
healthy and financially also ready to
raise somebody else because if you have
issues like your kid's just gonna copy
you and that's
to be bad news bears so yeah um
so it sounds like you did well
academically
yes i did and did you
yeah sorry go ahead but even that like
didn't bring
much satisfaction to my life
i don't know i had some good jobs as
well um
just just nothing really it just all
felt very
off and i couldn't understand like why
and like lately when i started realizing
like analyzing things i was like hey
maybe like that over controlling
behavior from my parents just kind of
resulted in me
making one choices for myself in terms
of like that's not what i wanted that's
why i don't feel happy that's what they
wanted for me
sure so what do you want
like evelyn
i mean so so here's what i'm hearing
mira
you told us what you've you've given us
a nice picture of what your parents
wanted for you and you're telling me
that you kind of did what they wanted
basically right for the most part
for the most part yes and as you sort of
lived the life
they had wanted for you you
noticed yourself feeling not happy as
you should have been
and also maybe a little bit numb and
feeling a little bit
empty
and so then the question becomes okay if
that's if that's what they wanted
and we're thinking about like i'm
assuming that numbness and emptiness is
a problem for you is that
fair
i mean
should it be a problem other people say
it should be
uh yeah some people do believe that it
is a problem but
so what can i help you with today
how exactly uh can i ask you a question
about like your career path
sure do you remember the moment when you
realized like
you 100 want to do what you're doing
right now
like you want to study in that area and
you want to become who you are
yes and no so i would say that i had
a hundred percent knowledge of who i
wanted to be
and i was a hundred percent confident in
that and i turned out to be wrong
and then i kind of figured something out
and i sort of settled
for second best and then at another
point i sort of figured out a hundred
percent of who i wanted to be
and then i turned out to be wrong
and now i have a sense of a hundred
percent of who i want to be for the
third time in my life
and so far it seems to be going well and
each of those things when i knew what i
wanted to be i think i gained a lot from
it it's not like there was
failure right so
i think that you know there's this idea
that you have this revelation
and then you figure out what your true
path is in life but
in my experience it's a series of
revelations
that are kind of wrong and each of those
brings you one step
closer to like what you should be doing
do you feel like what you doing right
now in life
might be your life's purpose in terms of
your
job in terms of occupation i think it's
my life's purpose now
but what life has taught me is that your
purpose in life changes over time
right has it always been your occupation
like your main focus of your life
no so i view occupation is a vehicle
to accomplish what you want
right so like i'm a medical doctor but
like i don't have to be
so what i'm doing today doesn't have
much to do with being a medical doctor
right like
so so medical doctor is a part of my
training but what i'm really trying to
do is
help gamers and i teach them lots of
things that are completely outside of
medicine
so medical doctor like my occupation
serves my goal
it isn't my goal and this i think is
exactly what maybe like your parents
tried to
emphasize for you is that they felt like
a particular occupation
or a particular part a particular piece
of your life
is the goal for me it's not the goal
it's just a means
you play video games oh yeah i've been
doing since i was a kid
uh well now that i don't have my
computer i just been playing lots of
hearthstone
it's like a strategy card game so
i'm a boomer but not that much of a
boomer
so so when we think about like you know
like
when you're playing hearthstone you can
kind of think about like you have a
class right
and your class is kind of like your
occupation but the goal of the game
is like independent of what class you're
playing the goal of the game is to win
and the class just simply gives you a
certain set of tools to accomplish your
goal
and i think the purpose is not to be a
mage
the purpose is to win the game and if
you are a mage
then you need to be using like ice block
and blizzard
right does that make sense so i don't
think that my occupation
is my goal it's just i'm trying to help
people in the way in which i'm helping
people is like
has to do with like my particular class
it's almost like one of the you know the
tavern brawls
where you get like two classes you know
so like
what i am is like a mixture of two
things like it's part monk and part
doctor
and i combine both of those to like have
a set of
cards that then i use to help people but
the goal is really to help people but
you don't have to do what i do does that
make sense
like i don't think yeah absolutely yeah
i actually love when you make those
comparisons of like
our lives and video games like i've
noticed you do it often on streams it
just
helps people relate a lot better so yeah
i think there's deep deep wisdom within
video games
agreed so if video games would try to
win
what do you think winning would relate
to in real life
uh
yeah so i mean for me or for other
people for you
i would like to hear your opinion i
value sure
so for me it's like i see people
suffering and that matters to me
so what i determine like what winning
looks like comes from an internal sense
like i see a lot of people you know i
get messages and stuff
and and i really am sorry that we didn't
get back to you when you reached out to
us but we just
get like literally thousands of people
reaching out to us and each of those
messages i don't have time to read them
all but like i try to read as many
as i can i actually try to respond to as
many as i can and i have a choice
between
responding to all the messages that that
i get or having a job and twitch
streaming and being with my kids
and and every time i get one of those
messages and i read it i see that
someone is like suffering and lost
and i feel like i should help them so
that's what winning looks like to me
it's like helping all these random
people who are like messaging me
and in a sense it's also helping the
person that i used to be
like i remember what i used to feel like
and i remember feeling directionless
and i remember so i have parents that
are somewhat like yours i mean
i'm the son of two physicians who are
highly highly
motivated and emphasized education and
grades
and you know my dad when i was growing
up told i have an older brother so he
said one of y'all is going to be a
doctor and one of y'all is going to be a
lawyer
and those were our options and
and so sound familiar yeah
um so you know i i grew up and sort of
also recognized that like i didn't value
the things that
my family members valued like i didn't
care about being a doctor like i did it
because of ego and i did it because
when i was 15 and people asked me at
like a party
like you know my parents friends would
ask me what do you want to be when you
grow up and i would say doctor everyone
would get impressed
and they would like it was like i had
accomplished something like they would
give me praise
for stating something that i wanted to
be 15 years from now
and that's a really bizarre
reinforcement for a 15 year old
you know yeah even now i notice it with
my kids like when when my four-year-old
says yeah i want to be a doctor when i
grow up everyone's like so impressed
and it's like
so i i mean that's what drives me is
like helping
people and it it i think about the
person that i used to be
like when i grew up with my parents and
you know they did the best that they
could like i think yeah
that was the formula that worked for
them my dad grew up in a
in basically like a 10-foot room where
like eight people lived
and at night time they would have to
like literally sleep outside because
there wasn't enough room
for like everyone just like you can't
sleep eight people in the 10-foot room
10 by 10 room um so that's kind of what
i think about the person that i had i
had been when i was lost and
directionless and hopeless
and didn't understand myself for life
and i try to help that person
because that's what all oh you know
that's what the people are
who reach out to me and that's what
makes you happy the most
that's what makes me happy the most
that's what gives you that purpose in
life gives me purpose
but what makes me the happy mo the most
is probably gaming
and doing fun stuff and like watching tv
like i get a
an immense amount of well pleasure
pleasure yeah i feel like pleasure and
like feeling
happy is not really the same though not
for me at least
how are they different
like when you were describing those two
uh just from your
example if i had to choose like which
one would make me happy
playing video games or like
doing something useful feeling my
self-worth even if it's
in terms of uh you know for selfish
reasons but like i know i helped someone
i would choose the second one like the
second one actually would make me feel
happy first one it's like little fixes
of
dopamine or something it's just it's
nowhere close
have you felt that have you felt that
way before where you feel like you have
meaning and worth
uh actually yes i felt
really good recently
i felt really emotional about it too
which doesn't happen to me often
so um and it had to do
with uh my decision to go back to school
um you actually inspired me
a lot to do that too um sorry about that
what do you mean sorry about that i
you have no idea like how good i felt
after i like
figure out that puzzle because i was
trying to put like pieces together for a
really long time
but um i think i finally realized that
um there's
one thing i truly enjoy doing in life
and i have some sort of
skill for that i haven't even been
noticing so much
or at all actually just because i was
like
so carried away about what others want
of me or like what others think or
all of that so
can you hold yes one second sorry
hello
yes give me a second sorry
oh
let me see if this is better okay there
we go
sorry mira apparently my mic was too
quiet
can you keep going uh yeah
so you were saying that that you decided
to start education
uh yeah i decided to go back to school
um
so i got
accepted for my master's degree
congratulations yeah of psychology and
neuroscience actually
oh very cool what uh
what um hold on let me just make sure
that this audio stuff is okay is this
okay
i need to do it testing testing
there okay um
so you decided to get a degree in
psychology and neuroscience
congratulations thank you
so i felt really strong about that one
and
yeah but i still don't feel a whole lot
besides for that so it makes me think
like
is that because my body is trying to
pull me in direction of like
my career and just kind of showing me
that this is what you should be doing
this is what you should be focusing on
why do you think it's your body showing
you something
well recently i found out that most of
the emotions that we experience in it
they all just kind of come in from our
body and we have to live them through
our bodies
so i'm trying to listen a little bit
more you know
people call it the inner voice sometimes
right
so um i'm referring to my body as like
my inner voice
um and uh
i lost my type of thought okay let me
just think for a second okay
what did you feel when you decided or
when you got accepted to you said you
felt something
and that's not common for you or that
you
tend to be a little bit numb so what
were you feeling about
was it when you made the decision or
when you got accepted to the program or
when did you feel something
uh actually both of them well i did feel
really
emotional when i got accepted because it
was like a hard school to get accepted
to
so i was like damn you know i can do it
i obviously felt proud of myself
but um even before then
i think i was just searching i kept
i kept searching it was so hard i i just
couldn't figure out like how
to listen to myself how to like come up
with
decisions and opinions like is it my
opinion
is that what my mom wants my dad wants
what my viewers want what like the world
wants for me you know
it's very hard sometimes to figure that
out so
as much as i was trying to get like
information on that like how to learn to
listen to yourself and like what you
truly want from life
it just turned out to be so difficult
for me and i i couldn't really figure it
out but
with this specific example of me going
back to school
it just felt right and i'm not sure if
it felt right because i kind of set
myself up for it
or it truly is that one thing that is
supposed to be happening in my life like
i'm
finally making the right decision
where do you get the idea that there's a
right decision
so you're trying to say there's no wrong
decision and everything else is just an
experience that's going to lead to
no experience that's not what i'm saying
i'm asking you where do you get the idea
that there is a right decision
because i feel an emotional response
to something yes to something
it's a very good answer okay
is that how you usually figure out if
you're making like the right move
if you're feeling emotional about it
i think when you feel emotional about
something it
signals that that has value to you in
some way
but i think a lot of the right decisions
or something like a right decision that
i've made come with bad emotions
not necessarily good ones
so how does it make it right decision
that's a good point oh because in the
long term it brings like actually a
better outcome even though it
sort of hurts in the moment is that what
you're saying
yeah sort of i mean i i think like for
example if i think about grief
right so if i have to let go of
something that i care about
um that can come with negative emotions
but
it can be the right thing to do so if we
think about like let's say you're in a
romantic relationship which is just not
gonna work out
or becomes difficult for any number of
reasons and doesn't feel like the right
thing to do
even though you love that person and you
really enjoy spending time with them
but there could be like something that's
more important than that relationship
and so you have to give something up and
that can hurt
but it can still be the right thing to
do but how do you
know that that's the right thing to do
how do you know you're not supposed to
keep fighting
for whatever relationship you have there
however bad it is
that's a great question so mira i'm
going to answer that in a second the
first thing
i want to point out is that so usually
when people come on stream i tend to ask
more questions and give fewer answers
and you seem to have a lot of questions
which is perfectly fine
do you think that the most helpful thing
right now is for you to ask
questions and for me to answer them is
that helpful to you
yes do you agree with me
uh i think there are some upsides and
some downsides
can we split a 50-50 sure
we don't have to can i share with you
what i think the good things are about
that
and what the bad things are could be
about that
the first is that you know when i ask
you where do you get the idea that
there's a
right answer um
i was actually thinking a little bit
about like you know you were raised to
believe that there is like a formula for
success
right and and really what you what it
seems like you've done is you've
replaced
their formula with success with the idea
that you have a formula for success and
it just needs to be your formula for
success
does that make sense like there's still
a path
there's a set of check boxes that if i
do all of these things i'm going to feel
happy
the only difference is that before those
check boxes were your parents check
boxes and now you're trying to figure
out
what are your check boxes with me
are you saying we should raise the check
boxes
i'm wondering whether that's a
worthwhile proposition
right so you're doing something which is
very cool which is you're
when i say something you're going
through a set you're very smart
you're going through a set of reasoning
you're predicting where i'm leading you
and then you're asking me whether the
conclusion is correct
do you see that like you're like when i
ask you a question you're saying
are you saying like you're going you're
you're jumping ahead to the end of the
road and you're basically saying is this
what you're suggesting it's very
intelligent
a lot of do you think it's a waste of
energy to what
do you think what i'm doing there is a
waste of energy should just kind of
let it more become no i don't think it's
a waste of energy i think it tells us a
little bit about
how you perceive problems in the world
and i i don't think it's a waste of
energy i think that you could be missing
something
along the way right because you're
drawing conclusions from my questions so
i ask you a question
and then your response if you just
literally listen to what your response
is i'll ask you a question
where do you get the idea that there's a
formula for success
and then your response is not where you
get that idea your first response is
are you saying dot dot dot so you're not
actually
answering a question about yourself
you're trying to figure out what i think
yeah because i have just value yeah
maybe i should just go back to watching
your streams
yeah because i just want to know what
you think i just kind of want to listen
to you
more right so let's just think about
this for a second right like your
problem is that you don't know what you
want
and your default answer is to listen to
me more
because i think you have a better idea
of what those check boxes are
and etc etc yes right but like maybe
what you should do to figure out what
you want is instead of looking from
for the answer from me look for the
answer
from you so how does one do that
effectively yeah great question
so it starts by recognizing that like
you're looking for answers fundamentally
because this is the way you've been
trained
so like literally the reason i ask you
the question where do you get the idea
that there is
a formula for success it's because like
everywhere around you like even though
you've figured out and this is huge for
you by the way i think it's awesome that
you figured this out
that your formula for success is not
your parents formula for success
the next step is for you to figure out
is there a formula for success
and for a little while i was wondering
like why are you asking me the questions
that you're asking me
right like you're it's kind of
interesting because
and and so when when you ask me did you
have a moment
where you know what you're supposed to
be in the rest of your life
and that presumes that such moments
exist
and that you find yourself and then
you're you're set for life
right like does that make sense you're
kind of assuming that i had such a
moment
and my answer was actually yeah i've had
several of those moments and i turned
out to be wrong through several
several of them so it's been my
experience that there isn't
a formula for success and that thinking
in and of itself
is the thing that's holding you back
that you think that there is a answer
but here's the thing i think it's
wonderful that you're going to
get a degree in psychology and
neuroscience you're clearly very
cerebral
and very intelligent and very capable
and i think that you're gonna be
unsatisfied after this
why because that's not where happiness
comes from
where does happiness come from where do
you think it comes from
okay we're going 50 50 it's your turn to
answer
oh what makes it hard for you to answer
that question
well i don't think i have a very clear
idea
i mean obviously it's gonna be
subjective yeah
good so like like now we have to think a
little bit about this okay so now mira
i'm gonna ask you a question i'll
answer whatever questions you want okay
but i just want to make this point
so if you don't have a clear idea where
does
that clarity come from does it come from
you or does it come from me
let's just start there
it should be coming from me
but we're here right now
and i'm talking to you with a clear
intention of gaining knowledge
so i would like to hear your point of
view first and hopefully they'll help me
understand myself a little better
yeah so i'm fine with that if that's
really what you want to do but like
let's just think about that for a second
right like
sure you can learn from me
and hope to understand yourself a little
bit better that's absolutely a really
important
source of knowledge because we like the
whole reason that the aoe healing works
is because other people like the whole
idea behind healthy gamer is exactly
what you just said
that i can have a conversation with one
person and that a thousand people
watching at home
can learn something that has nothing to
do with an internal exploration
they can see it in another person and
they can learn from it
right that's what we're here about now i
get that you've watched our streams and
that you've gained a lot from it and i
i'm really
i'm really glad that that's happened i'm
happy for you and i'm also happy for
myself
that's why we do it and today of all
days mira you have a different
opportunity
you can watch me answer questions for
other people
as much as you want to but today you
have a very unique opportunity
to explore yourself with my help
and if that feels difficult for you
like i get the sense that you're really
resistant to doing that and i'm trying
to understand
why and i think it may have something to
do with
you being afraid that you don't know
answers and it's hard for you to be
ignorant in public
that would be my hypothesis but i'd have
to talk to you about it more
just when i think about children of high
functioning parents who are expected to
get all a's
not having the answer on stream is
probably going to be hard for you what
do you think
okay um
okay i hear you so um
would you like me to answer the question
about what happiness
is for me first
let me think about that
so you said earlier that pleasure and
happiness are different right
yes so help me understand how you
discovered that
we're talking about pleasure um
i can think about video games
sex just
little things like that it's it's
something that
is more physical
and short term for me
and happiness it's more of a
mental
long-term state okay so are you happy
i'm happier than i was before yes um but
i don't think it's my final form
hmm so have you been happy before
not in my final form no it's just
what does that mean final form
i think i have an idea of what
i want in the future like how i feel in
the future
and that's what i mean by the final form
so how do you even know that exists
because i made it up right
so but that's the thing right so like
there's a part of me that wonders a
little bit so i i do think that you can
feel happier and more fulfilled than
than you do right now if you say that
you don't feel happy and fulfilled
i i think the challenge is that
you're chasing something from your
imagination
and in doing so you may miss out
on sources of happiness that
because you're looking for something
right
like if you think about are you do you
mind if i ask you a couple of questions
about relationships
yeah go ahead are you in a relationship
right now
yes and
is that when you think about a good what
are you happy with your relationship
i'm uh definitely happier than i have
ever been in a relationship before
yes okay so when we think about like
what you imagine a good relationship
like looks like
and what your current relationship looks
like before your current relationship
when you envision what a good
relationship is
how similar is what you're doing now to
what you envisioned
oh i missed the first part uh before my
current relationship
yeah before you started your current
relationship when you looked into the
future and you said this is the kind of
relationship that i want
you created a fantasy or an ideal of
what a relationship should be
how similar is that ideal to what you're
living now
ooh really really close but not 100
which is why i'm i'm i'm having doubts
about it it's like should we really
settle if it's not 100
even if it's 99 you know
is it is it really the one how do you
know
if it's not 100
are you just wasting time are you just
settling
what do you think
ah i googled this so many times
google didn't help yeah
[Music]
well google thinks if you have any um
doubts at all like you probably
shouldn't even be in that
that's what google thinks what do you
think
i mean i'm just being really grateful
to what the present is compared to the
past
but then again maybe i'm just settling
down
because i
what do you think about settling are you
okay with settling
it depends if the worst thing is going
to come yes
but what if there's something better
please
okay so sorry for making you
uncomfortable we don't have to talk
about that more but i i think it's
i think the feelings that you're having
are very common in relationships right
like most people in relationships
think about whether this is the right
like until you're married and even after
you're married many people are you
married
okay um so you know
i think it's completely normal and
healthy to think about what else is out
there
because until you have those thoughts
like you can't settle down with someone
in a completely authentic way does that
make sense
like if i'm did you go through that too
no so you always knew that your wife
is the one like that's it that's
somebody i want to live the rest of my
life
settle in i feel happy even if you have
some moments like
that's it did i know that she was the
one
sort of but it was also
far from perfect from day one
okay right so my point was that when i
think about my ideal relationship
it was very different from what i
thought a relationship looked like
so you say that your current
relationship is pretty close to your
ideal
my ideal was very different
and one of the things now i'll answer
so one of the things that i've come to
appreciate is that there isn't a formula
for success
and perfection is an idea and that
i got a lot of happiness from letting go
of perfection
from letting you do that of looking for
but how did you get rid of that idea of
like
what if this is not my thing and i'm
just well it's the idea that
so it's the idea that something is your
thing or
isn't your thing that presumes that
there's an objective truth to what's
your thing and what isn't your thing
no there's not huh right and this comes
back to like where did you get the idea
that there's a formula for success it's
because
i think deep within you you have this
idea that things are done right
or they're done wrong there is a right
and there is a wrong there is a right
way to be at school there's a right way
to behave
when your parents friends come over
there's a right way to answer questions
there's a right way to look
there's a right way to present yourself
and twitch reinforces that
right right that there's a right way and
there's a wrong way
and the thing is mira you're not right
or wrong you're you
and they're going to be parts of you if
you measure yourself against the scale
of right and wrong
you're not you're never going to be
right
like you can't be completely right
you're just you you're flawed
any relationship that you engage in is
going to be flawed
okay okay okay that makes sense but
still there's got to be some sort of
signs that you derive probably from
within yourself
to figure out if this person is your
person
and not your person if this is what i
want to do in life like
job-wise or not so how do i get like
very sensitive to those feels like how
do i get to listen to myself better
yeah so i think that you are listening
to yourself better i think you just need
to listen
for different things i think you're good
at listening to yourself i think the
issue is when you say is this what i'm
supposed to do
in life you can't know
and no sense of yourself is going to
tell you what you're supposed to do
in life in a sense oddly enough what i
would encourage you to do is like what
are
what is something telling you in the
moment
and then reflecting on that so like is
is getting a master's degree in
psychology and neuroscience supposed to
be what you do
in life i'm not sure but i think it's a
wonderful thing for you to do now
and that was my whole point betw behind
my earlier answers like i thought at the
age of 21 that i wanted to become a monk
and it felt so right for and me
turned out to be like absolutely wrong
oh that was one of the things that you
said you accomplished and then you
realized it was wrong yeah i decided at
the age of 21 i wanted to become a monk
two weeks after i tried to like give up
my life and my teachers wouldn't quite
take me yet
i met the person who was gonna be my
wife and i was like i'm gonna be
celibate
no more women i'm finished and then i
met her
and then i was really confused because
you were kind of saying did i know she
was the one like
it was weird it was confusing because i
didn't think there was gonna be a one
does that make sense i let go of the
idea of success
i let go of the idea of a formula
that was going to be right for me i was
so
wrong and it felt so right it felt so
good
it felt so wonderful that i was going to
be this spiritually enlightened master
one day
and then i meet this girl and wow she is
kind of hot
no but no no no that's not for me that's
not who i am
that's for regular people
and she was attractive
and i just enjoyed being with her like
our first date
i didn't even realize it was a date like
i was like yeah i'll like i'll take you
to lunch like i'll i
like if you like thai food like there's
a really great restaurant so we like
went to lunch
and then 11 hours later i dropped her
off and we just hung out the whole day
and like there i was in my head feeling
like this is wrong
like not wrong but i was like oh yeah
this is not anything like i had feelings
in here
that i was actively ignoring because i
was doing the right thing like the right
thing was to be a monk
so i'm not going to have a relationship
with this girl
and so you never had you never had like
any big doubts about
her you never i had thousands of doubts
that's exactly what i'm saying
but like not about your relationship
with her her
you were sure about her you just not
we're not sure how she was fitting into
whatever idea of your life you had at
the moment no the whole problem was that
she wasn't fitting into my idea of my
life
right yeah but you still felt like she
is right for you
yeah i don't understand what i feel that
now i don't know that i felt that then
right so i didn't understand what i felt
that
and i still don't really know exactly
what it was looking back on it it makes
sense hindsight is 20 20.
but in the moment like this is why i'm
pressing you to like look within
yourself because in the moment like it's
a mess
and the other like the whole problem is
you're thinking like how do i look
within myself and find the right answer
my point is that i don't think there's a
right answer
there's only like the best answer you
can make today
so there's no like technique or trick
you can do
to like feel out your inner voice better
there are things you can do to hear out
your inner voice but i think like you're
still
attached to this idea that there is a
right answer out there
and there's a secret formula to uncover
what the right answer is
and oddly enough you're not wrong there
but i think what you really need to do
is move away from the idea that you can
get to a perfect answer
can absolutely do things to better and
if you want to learn a particular
practice
i will teach you a practice to enhance
the strength of your inner voice and
people think i'm a good psychiatrist but
i've said this several times
i'm not a i mean i'm a good psychiatrist
but what makes me exceptional is not
that i'm a good psychiatrist
what makes me exceptional is that i do
practices literally
the bulk of my spiritual practice is
about cultivating my inner voice
and that's what allows me to connect
with people because like i have data
that like other people don't have
and i think that that's through my
meditative practice so there's
absolutely things you can do that
that you can do and i'm happy to teach
you that but i want you to be careful
because it still presumes that there is
a right answer
like mira i think if you want to be
happy in life you need to start
making bad decisions
you
[Music]
i think what you need to start doing is
making imperfect decisions
instead of looking for the right answer
start accepting
that like you can do the best thing you
can do today and it may or may not work
out
and that over time if you do the best
thing for you
today tomorrow and the next day some of
those are not going to work out some of
them will work out and
over time hopefully you'll find yourself
in a situation
where you're happy but that happiness is
not something that can be chased it's
something that's found
right
have you always been in tune with your
inner voice
or is it something you came to no
yeah i mean i did years and years of
meditative practice i was
deaf to my inner voice for most of my
life why were you deaf
because i was like a normal gamer
like i played video games all day and
had no idea what i felt or how i felt
that way and all i know
is that every every night when i went to
bed if i wasn't absolutely exhausted
tons of emotions would come rushing up
that i hated
i got pissed off every single time my
parents asked me how did your classes go
today
it pissed me off so much the worst part
of my day would be like how did my
classes go because they didn't go well
and then i'd lie to them and i'd say
everything's fine
and i knew it was a lie and i
knew everything wasn't fine
and there was a part of me that was
telling me hey man you're kind of
up here
and then what i did with that inner
voice was stuff it way down by playing
diablo 2 and warcraft 3.
and wow and all kinds of other stuff
you've been there done that so basically
it's by meditating
and just working on yourself you've got
into practice
that sensitivity within yourself
sure that's the way to get sensitivity
sure
okay like there are particular practices
which i believe
you know i believe that different
meditation techniques affect
different functions of the brain in
different ways there's some evidence to
this
i think there's some stuff on our
discord we've uploaded some papers and
stuff
so they they've done like eeg studies
you know what eg eeg is
okay so eeg is measures the electrical
activity of different parts of your
brain
and they've done studies on different
meditation techniques that show
that different meditation techniques
create different
patterns of electrical activity in your
brain and the electrical activity in
your brain
is a reflection of which parts of your
brain are quote-unquote
turned off and which parts are turned on
so
different meditations activate different
parts of the brain is kind of like a
simplistic
and frankly incorrect way of looking at
it but that's not really incorrect
it's just a simplistic way so if i were
to go on your discord
i can get more information about like
what meditation i can do
to help no you can get you can get
scientific papers
about the science behind whether
meditation techniques affect different
parts of the brain differently
but if you want to know what meditation
techniques to do i'm going to teach you
because i know what you need to do so
you can start with
one or two practices and then we can go
from there i'm happy to continue to
teach you like from time to time
thank you
this helping at all yeah it is okay
what are you hearing from me mira um
first i was a little confused
but yeah but i think it's because
i had my own idea of like what you think
i will
what i thought you would say but you
didn't give me a specific
answer you kind of just marked my the
answers that i was expecting out
and so i was confused but now i'm just
trying to like
i'm really uh so that meditation that
you just mentioned
is it something that we can do in stream
and then i can practice upstream as well
absolutely okay and i don't need to do
with someone else i can just do it by
myself
nope yeah you can do it by yourself okay
so can you help me understand a little
bit about what you're taking away from
this
um
[Music]
there's no formula
i need to stop oh
let's not say need maybe i shouldn't
focus
as much on specific steps i need to make
i said need again why that's okay you
like the word
it's okay for some reason i don't like
the word need they put
pressure on me it puts pressure on me
and i don't like that
anyways um but that's how you feel right
yeah i feel like i need i need i
i need like that get that very strongly
so the vibe that i got from you that i
just need to chill
the out and just kind of let things
go and let things
be which i thought i did last year
it was very what was i
i thought i was not doing anything i was
just like traveling and
enjoying life but so let's talk about
that for a second i
i think that you should live a life of
intentionality so i don't think that you
should chase pleasure
and just chill the out what i'm
saying is that you have this
i get the sense mira that within you you
have
like there's like a mirror inside you
with a whip
and she's just whipping you forward with
a whip and she's just whipping you
forward
she's like you need to grow and you need
to find yourself and you need to find
the right technique and you need to
cultivate your inner voice
and it's all like clouded by like this
very positive like language
like inner voice and discovering
yourself but at the end of the day like
you're whipping yourself forward you're
pressuring yourself to find the answer
the right answer find an answer what's
the right formula for success what
what are the check boxes that you need
to check and it's a huge step forward to
step away from your parents checkboxes
but there's still the idea that there
are check boxes
and you're trying to live a perfect life
you're trying to have perfection in your
relationship you're saying it's like 99
of what you want but
it may not be perfect like that's a
problem
right that you're you're looking for
perfection
but without the whip would there be any
movement
excellent question absolutely but this
is the hard thing for
for people like you and by people like
you i mean
people who have achieved this is the
most difficult thing that i
when i work with people who are high
achievers
the whip is what gets them to where they
are
and so the question is how can you care
about something without the whip
that make sense
so you're saying the energy can still
come within you
without you pushing like forcing
yourself to do things
absolutely
right and so so this is the thing the
reason that you don't
know what you want is because you're not
aware of that thing
like that's exactly what we're talking
about this entire time is that there is
a force within you
that can propel you forward without
whipping you
it's something that you gravitate
towards it's what feels right
it's what makes you happy it's your
internal compass it's your internal
voice
but you have lived a life where you have
whipped yourself towards a particular
external goal that you have lost sight
of like what your internal
compasses and even the way that you
find your internal compass is still
whipping
do you see that like you're asking me
for the perfect technique to find your
internal compass
that in and of itself is an external
goal that you have an idealized answer
for
you see that does that make sense yes it
does
right like that yeah how does one get
rid of the whip
you tell me
well realizing it is already a step
forward right
knowing that there is one and that
doesn't
maybe it's just not optimal for me it's
not the best way to go around it
because you know how they say that there
are different ways to get people to do
things and
like if you if you choose the stressful
one through like fear intimidation
manipulation whatever it's not as
effective as
opposed to when you inspire them or like
all of your answers are coming from the
outside
mira they're coming you're smart so
you've read a lot of things and you're
quoting a lot of theory it's very very
intellectual
it's not that right right it's not wrong
but it's incomplete it's all coming from
up here
and when i ask you questions like what
do you want like it's really hard for
you to answer that
and this is like where the numbness
comes from like the numbness is because
like you don't know what's going on in
here
right so i think oddly enough like the
way that you need to answer that
question is to look for yourself
like don't look for i mean i'm going to
teach you a technique because i think
you
have a very good temperament for this
and i think it'll help you a lot but at
the same time start to recognize that
like
the way that you need to find that
answer is by trying things and
up for a few times
right and and when i ask you have you
been happy before and you say no i don't
believe that
i think you've been happy basically
you said you haven't had your final form
of happiness which implies that like
you're saying like yeah it's kind of
like asking have you ever been
um have you ever had like a great horse
ride
and then you say yeah i've had like some
pretty good like horseback riding
sessions but i've never ridden a unicorn
before
that would be nice to ride a unicorn
absolutely it would be nice to write
a unicorn but what i'm saying is that
like you're looking for
answers from happiness from the outside
but like
there is no doubt in my mind that there
have been moments of time where you've
been like purely happy
and what you need to look for in terms
of like where to go is like go back and
look at those times
and i wouldn't be surprised if they're
confusing because they may not
be what you thought they would look like
and we're not talking about playing
hearthstone or sex or other dopaminergic
pleasurable things
we're talking about a moment of pure
surprise
joy and happiness where you stopped
thinking about expectations
and you felt present and you loved being
where you were for a moment
is that weird that normally i only by
myself
no not at all
but see that's an important revelation
like i think it's telling that your
question was is it weird
right that's telling me that like what
you're discovering
is running a little bit contrary to what
you believe
because otherwise you would have said
yeah it was mostly when it's by myself
you said is it weird you're asking for
confirmation because it seems a little
bit confusing
which is exactly where you need to go
so tell me about that
don't come up with the right answer just
give me the answer that you've got
yes don't pull that with me
give me the imperfect answer
what were you thinking about when you
said it was is it weird that it was by
myself
um i mean society does tend to judge
that
but i i truly feel
i feel like my happiest moments were
just
with myself like when you started like
mentioning oh it's not true that you
didn't feel happy i was like
this i started just kind of like going
through that briefly and
most of them are by myself and can you
can you give me
an actual example yeah like what
um like
when i go to forest
well there were a few like really
intense ones but basically most of them
were just
in the nature and without anyone around
people just i don't i don't
like people very much i don't like being
around people very much
uh and it's pr it's probably me um my
bad like communicated
communication skills and stuff but
yeah maybe me trying to
so so many questions i haven't had
like so many things i just want to ask
you it's weird right you're asking me a
question but
instead i would just want to say this
this is your opinion
it's like well me trying to become
a psychologist will that get in the way
the fact that i don't really
like being around people but at the same
time i feel so fulfilled when i can talk
to someone and like
help one way or another uh that's just
like a random thought that just was
there
good now you're making progress what
what else do you have
i don't know if i should say it while
we're streaming
okay i i don't i don't know people tend
to get really weird on
twitch about stuff
i i have ptsd a little bit from twitch
okay
it's been a while okay
i don't know whether you should or
shouldn't say it because i know less
about twitch than you do and i don't
know what's in your head
but anyway so maybe move on to the next
thing
like like what other questions do you
[Music]
have
sorry i'm a little slow so i'm just like
processing some of the things that you
said
and uh yeah not slow
mira you're doing it this is what you're
here to do
right this whole time you've had a
thousand questions for me
and now i'm asking you what are your
questions and
you're slow this is what exploration
looks like
this is what looking within yourself
[Music]
i mean if a person let's say the person
just ends up living the life
just by finding like
a good job and not necessarily like
build up good relationships or like
meaningful relationships in life like
without
getting married or having kids that's
totally fine too
right that doesn't have to be yeah but
that's me setting up again like a
checkbox like okay then
this is my plan i'm gonna get yeah no no
but i i don't think that's you setting
up a checkbox if you really listen to
that question
what that question is asking is can i be
happy if i don't check all the boxes
that's the question you need to be
asking do you see that
like that that scenario is actually
letting go of a few of the boxes it's
erasing a couple of the boxes
yeah i mean
i feel like relationships are overrated
anyways
yeah so
sorry i'm just i'm not i'm not voicing
it but i just have a bunch of
things going on okay good because i
i still have a filter because uh with
streaming and um
i i understand that we need to stream
because it's
useful when people listen to our
conversations and can we learn something
else but like i have to filter myself
like
when it comes to what i say okay i feel
like i need to
fine let's just respect that for a
moment okay
um and so one or two other
so one or two thoughts so like you're
asking a couple of questions which i
think are
good and you're making a couple of
observations which i think are good i'm
happy to still teach you about how to
find your inner voice and all that stuff
but i think this is actually the most
important thing that you're doing right
now
so you're noticing that actually when
i'm happy like it's in the woods
and also like the idea of being a
psychologist and working with someone
feels very gratifying
or when i've had very intimate
connections with people
and helped them in a significant way it
feels like it gives my life meaning
all that makes sense so i'm gonna try to
toss out one way
to understand that i think the biggest
thing about those two things i don't
think you need to be in the woods
i think you need to be free from
expectation
because what i'm hearing from you time
and time and time again
is that twitch your parents and
other people in your life have lots and
lots of expectations with
for for you and then you take those
expectations and you internalize them
in the check boxes are you good enough
are you pretty enough are you smart
enough
are you you know sharing enough are you
not sharing enough
and and you're so full of expectation
finding your final form of happiness and
and you know setting all these bars for
yourself that like you just don't know
how to be
except sometimes in your life you are
put in a particular place where
expectation
has no it just doesn't compute like when
you're with trees like what do they
expect of you
like there's just no way like nature
doesn't give a
and that's why i think it's wonderful
especially for people like you
so for people who have issues with
confidence and self-worth
which i think way deep down i think
you've got something going on there
you're afraid of the judgment of others
right and you have good reasons to be
afraid of the judgment of others it
sounds like i'm not saying you shouldn't
be afraid of that
but at the end of the day like nature
doesn't give a like if you
if you decide like i remember when i was
also going through my
growth and transformative period you
know there was like i remember seeing
this
like 12 or 14 foot boulder it was just
big and i was out
hiking one day and i said like i'm gonna
climb to the top of that whole
boulder and and i tried to climb into
the top and
what do you think happened mira you fell
no thankfully i didn't fall but i
couldn't make it to the top i was just
too out of shape and weak and
how do you think i felt about
how myself i feel if i couldn't climb a
boulder i was trying to climb
i would just keep climbing i would not
give up i would figure yeah
yeah so i did that for a while and then
i realized that it was physically
impossible
did you try putting stuff around it to
climb
no i felt like that was cheating like i
wanted to climb it you know
yeah yeah how did you try to work out
after that to get stronger and stuff
sort of like for a day or two but then
that fizzled
how do you think i felt when i when i
failed
how does failure feel like i
probably felt disappointed yeah
right i felt weak and i was like yeah i
need to work out and get into shape and
things like that
and then i remember this really strange
moment where i like looked around
and i looked around because i was like
does everyone realize how
out of shape i am was anyone watching
and i was like oh
like no one was watching and no one
gives a
and that like all of my disappointment
like comes from me it doesn't come from
anywhere else the boulder certainly
doesn't give a
but what if people were watching how
would you feel ah
so now people watch right
and so what i learned that day is like
most of the things that we beat
ourselves up for
come from us ultimately they all come
from us and that you can learn
a way to like literally become
impervious to the criticism of others
and that's what confidence is impervious
is immune
ice block okay so it's like
i'm ice blocked like you can't hurt me
anymore but that's what confidence is
like when you when you derive a sense of
self-worth
from in here people can say whatever the
they want to
and it doesn't affect you your eyes
blocked it's not that you're numb it's
just that you realize that like
they're allowed to have that opinion and
it's not that they're wrong it's just
i'm not going to let
their opinions determine my value as a
human being
but what if they come what if they take
that opinion
even if it's not based on anything
factual
they group up they
make the group larger and they
use that let's call it one opinion just
because it's not based on facts
and they spread it all over the internet
and you get that sounds awful
a lot of negativity yes that's when you
have to
watch what you do and what you say right
so
so far i've been lucky enough to not
have experienced that
and i don't know if you know i i've
dealt with
criticism i've dealt with harsh
criticism before
i've dealt with criticism from people
that are important to me
and so far i've maintained my confidence
i'm not saying i think if twitch tried
to tear me down or the internet
tried to tear me down they'd succeed
because they're just that powerful
i think the big difference though mira i
really wonder when you say it's their
opinion and it's not based on fact i
would question that
because one of the biggest sources of my
confidence is when someone tells me
something
i don't assume that they're wrong i
assume that they're right
so if i get a criticism and there have
been lots of people who criticized me
since i started streaming on twitch
i start with the premise of like maybe
this person knows what they're talking
about
and then i test it and then i see like
okay are there things about this
criticism that are fair and sometimes
the internet definitely like bandwagons
onto things
but i think like this is an important
part of soul searching on your part that
if like a lot of people think that
you're
doing something out of line you should
at least
be objective and like look and maybe you
did do something out of line
when i get criticisms i don't i don't
assume that they're wrong i don't assume
that i'm an expert it's like
anyone is entitled to criticize me and
they could be right
but what if you looked into that you
really reflect it and
and you just
don't see what they see whatsoever
sure so practically what i do is i i try
to engage people now i think that that
can be hard so it's different from a man
and a woman and it's different with the
internet
right so i think like there are some
things that i've come to appreciate that
are different about gender
but generally speaking if i don't
understand someone's criticism
i will actually make a full faith effort
to ask
and then you know say like hey i really
don't get this
right like i don't understand why like
i'll give you an example so one of
i'm working with someone who has a
parent who's upset
about my work because their child is
doing something that they don't want
them to do
and their child is doing something
that's objectively bad and they kind of
blame me for it
they're like since he's seeing you and
we're paying you a ton of money like
aren't you supposed to prevent this kind
of and so then like i kind of
you know there's a part of me that says
like i don't think you guys understand
like i'm not responsible for your
child's behavior your child is
responsible for your child's behavior
but you guys think that you know their
parents
a lot like yours who think that their
child should behave a certain way that
there's a right and there's a wrong
there's no sense of agency there's just
like there's a right and there's a wrong
and if there's a problem we throw money
at it and we find the best person out
there and he fixes it and the problem
goes away like they don't get
that like the problem here is that like
you guys can't communicate with your
child and he doesn't respect you
because you guys don't respect him but
i'll definitely stop and ask them
you know that's what i think and it's
actually i believe that because
i talked to them and i was like well
what do you guys think you guys think
that i'm i'm
letting your son down and i'm letting
you down so like tell me about in what
ways and am i letting you down
and they said like this this this and
like we thought this would happen and it
actually turned out that they had a
couple of very good criticisms
you know i realized like oh actually
during covet i haven't been checking up
with him because he has been doing
better and it's been a stressful time
so i can do better at that am i
responsible for their son's behavior no
but can i do better absolutely
does that make sense yeah
i'm just trying to apply it to my
situation so here
okay so yeah i like that
you brought that part up about any
criticism regardless of how
stupid or not factual i think it is you
can still derive something like really
reflecting that
but imagine with that
even though you're just telling me what
we're talking about like do you want to
just tell me what the internet got
pissed at you about
i mean there's just so much stuff i it's
not even that it's like i
i pretty much forgot all about it but i
want to make sure that in the future i
have like a better
formula to react to stuff which is why
i'm asking you
so that's one way of it but you know
sometimes people are just so
unhappy like those parents let's say
they just had their own issues and they
just want to
take it out on someone they they're
struggling with their son
they don't want to take responsibility
they're very immature themselves
and they put it on you like why do you
need to put up with that and let's say
they also
talking to everyone around saying how
bad of a psychiatrist you are
why do you need to put up with that you
don't need to put up with that
does it affect you absolutely do i
ignore it
no i mean so i don't ignore it i try to
address their concerns directly and if
there's a population that
matters i will address it with the
population as well
so for example like if people complain
to my boss which has happened before
i will go to my boss and you know
there's a part of that that feels
hurtful but then i'll go to my boss and
i'll explain
my side of the story and then there are
also times where like
you know i've been in conflict with
people and you don't ignore it but you
also like
address it directly and then
you can walk away like i think now we're
speaking so abstractly that i don't know
if it really makes
sense but you know so i'll give you just
a very clear example so i had an
issue with i was about to take a job and
we got down to defining what my title
was
and i felt like the title that they were
giving me was not
appropriate for the kind of work that i
was doing
and so there were a lot of people who
were my mentors and stuff who thought
who basically told me they're like the
title really doesn't matter like
you should just do it and you'll get the
title that you want in a few years
and then i kind of took issue with that
and i said well
this title is actually not the title for
the job that i'm doing and i want the
title for the job that i'm doing it's
not about ego it's about like this is
what i'm doing and i want a title that's
commensurate with that
and they took an issue with that and so
then i said
goodbye
so there wasn't any confrontation you
didn't feel
i felt disrespected right i felt taken
advantage of
and i felt betrayed because these were
people who and i think they still
do care about me they genuinely do
they've been incredibly supportive for
years and years and years
and i'm sure they think i'm egotistical
because after everything they had done
for me i
walked away but i just didn't think it
was fair
right so i think if you're dealing with
like venom from the internet like you
have to be like centered in here
and the more you're centered in here the
less the criticisms matter to you like
if you're doing what you're supposed to
be doing and you really didn't do
anything wrong
chances are i mean i mean there were
things that i did that were out of line
and stuff like that so you reflect on
those and you grow from them
you even concede those points but i find
that
you know generally speaking like even
with twitch chat like there have been
times where i've made
mistakes of course
and what i usually do is like i don't
know i mean i don't know how often
this is actually i apologize a fair
amount on stream
and usually i find that the internet is
like actually a
bizarrely understanding place like i
respect twitch chat a lot like i don't
think they're a bunch of mindless noobs
who are haters i think you've got to be
careful because there certainly are
communities of people who are very toxic
and they can hate you yep
do you think there's prejudice towards
uh women because
absolutely people like i said
males young males i can't really relate
absolutely
right so i said that at the get-go like
i can get away with some things because
i'm a
man and you're gonna get a different
shake
and that's unfortunate like i can't and
i can't pretend
to say that what i can do is doable for
you because like
i think you just deal with more venom
than i do
right like yeah sometimes i really
question if
it's a waste of energy to even respond
but like if you don't put your five
cents in
people you will just say oh okay
whatever is going on it's right
but mira the only way i find
frustrating about this conversation is
that i don't know what you're talking
about
and i feel like if i understood what you
were talking about then it would be like
way easier to like
actually because we're talking about
hypotheticals
yeah but we use your situation it was
perfect because like i actually
the first example with the parents
it was actually perfect like i
i really don't want to go into that okay
because i don't know you know
it's water under the bridge so well i
don't think it is though
i don't think it's water under the
bridge because whatever happened there
shapes the way that you look at the
world and shapes who you are today
of course i'm like so careful right now
about everything i
avoid any type of collaborate with like
any any streamer at this point you're
probably the only
the first streamer i talked to in like
two years like i've been streaming on my
own since then it's just and now i find
myself being incredibly curious which i
i'm not trying to push you i'm just
sharing my feelings okay so please
i mean i i can imagine you're gonna feel
pushed so be aware of that
now i find myself like what the
actually happened with you mira like
what happened
you don't have to answer that that's
just like i hear you saying i haven't
talked to streamers in two years and
it's like holy like what is this
girl gone through
what happened to her
that's my that's my reaction when i hear
you say that
and you've been dodging questions from
the get-go and i i'm fine with that
like every time i ask you a question
like you know your default is to ask me
you've been deflecting
this whole time which is fine i i get
that you this has been a place where
you've gotten
screwed and attacked so of course you're
going to be doing that
i think yeah i feel like it doesn't
matter what i say like
there's just a lot of prejudice at this
point so it's better not to talk
about it at all that pisses me off so
much
because i do not want to live in a world
where it does not matter what you say
like that's not right your words should
always have value
and like i don't want you to believe
that about yourself like however
prejudiced it is
but like don't believe for a second that
your words don't matter because they do
yeah i guess maybe because i didn't
express like i said i am generally
pretty bad at communicating with people
you know sometimes you want to say
something you feel a certain way but it
comes out completely different and
people
uh take it differently so maybe because
i didn't do it correctly in the past
like whenever i
try to say what i wanted to say just
always turn out to be not good
so well like i'm talking about the
situations that we're not
you know like sticky iffy situations
so i think it's just best to probably
okay
i'm sorry if i pushed you in a way that
was like made you uncomfortable
um i no you you didn't
i it did remind me a little bit of like
how unfair some situations were and i'm
like
and it's still sitting there i can feel
that emotional response
but it's not really what i wanted to
talk to uh to talk about on stream today
that's not it's in the past um
i i feel like i'm i want to focus more
like the present and like what's going
on right now and
how much progress i made mira i i know
like i'm not
i'm sorry if i'm you got to really let
me know if i'm like doing something
that's
that's disrespectful but i don't think
it's in the past right like we're
well this whole conversation is about
you looking inside
and finding answers within yourself but
this is inside you
and you're looking away from it
you've been looking away from this
your entire life like
like and and the thing the problem i
mean there's so many subtle things that
are actually like really really
terrifying to hear you say
right like to hear you say that your
words don't matter and i have no doubt
in my mind that like
when you were growing up with your
parents you felt the exact same way
but the whole thing the whole point is
that you do matter and what you feel on
the inside
is important and if people hurt you
that's not okay
if they were unfair to you that's not
okay
and i want you to to find a place within
yourself where you can
sit with that and say that sometimes
people are on the outside
but it is not a reflection of who i am
as a person
that what you want in life is important
and that your words absolutely do matter
and you are intelligent and you're
capable and you care about people
and you're moving the right forward in
the right direction in life which i
think is amazing
given all the that you had to deal
with
growing up with a life where you've been
given check boxes
and then being in a place like being a
public figure where the world judges you
for what comes out of your mouth
is terrifying and for you to like start
to discover your own path
and to to a certain degree move past all
that is amazing
sorry sorry i should be apologizing
because you've signaled to me several
times
that this is an uncomfortable topic for
you and i just can't let this go because
like i don't want to let this go
because it's not water under the bridge
right it's water that's flooded your
basement
and it doesn't belong there and it's got
to get cleaned out because you deserve
to be happy in life
well i think this is one of the battles
i cannot win
you can't change their mind but you can
acknowledge for yourself that it hurts
and you can let it go
you can still speak your truth and take
solace in the fact that like
you were confident in who you are and
that you spoke your truth
and that other people are not willing to
listen
right now i think the problem is that
their opinions of you
affect the way that you view yourself
expectation that's why the trees are so
happy for you
because you don't have to deal with any
of that
the trees are wonderful yeah
but uh yeah to some degree it does
affect me there were some
points sometimes in my life where i was
googling again and why a psychopath or
seeing a therapist or generally asking
my psychopath
and when she was saying no i was like
how do you know if i'm a psychopath you
wouldn't know i would trick you
so twitch chat really makes you
put some funny ideas in your head huh
yeah so i think um i mean if it's any
consolation i'm kind of a psychopath
take that for what it's worth but um
in which way so i think so we got to do
a stream about
psychopathy and sociopathy because it's
been coming up time and again but like
i would love to watch that so
you know i think i think
doing so what what a sociopath or
psychopath is
someone who is able to separate their
emotions
or not feel emotions when they act in
certain ways
that's superior that's superior this is
not bad
yeah i don't think that sociopathy is
necessarily bad why is it perceived as
bad
because some people
because sometimes it leads to predatory
stuff
right so like people who can separate
their emotions are able to hurt and take
advantage of people
in a way that people who cannot separate
themselves from their emotions
can't so if i was free from all kinds of
guilt it's way easier for me to be a
criminal
right but if you test people for
sociopathy
you find that politicians test highly on
the sociopathy scale
but also physicians surgeons and
psychiatrists
surgeons and psychiatrists are the two
types of physicians who test the most
highly
and it's just because in my case like if
i got overwhelmed by all of the emotions
that i feel
with people i couldn't be able to help
anyone of course right
yeah so being able to separate yourself
from your emotions
is a little bit of an adaptive strategy
and in your case this comes back to the
numbness
like why do you feel numb it's because
you've got in there that you don't
want to feel
and the whole point of like if you want
to talk about how to find happiness you
can't be numb on the inside
but the problem is that you've got so
much down there that you turn down
the volume it's kind of like
i want you to imagine this for a second
right let's say you've got a radio and
there's a
station that's playing really bad music
and there's a station that's playing
really good music
and how do you deal with the really bad
music you turn the volume all the way
down
and then you can't listen to the good
music either because the volume is
turned all the way down
okay in order for you to be happy you
have to stop being numb
but the problem is that in order for you
if you stop being numb
you're gonna dig into all this that
you say is water on the bridge it's not
water
under the bridge it was water under the
bridge you wouldn't be feeling whatever
you've been feeling for the last couple
of minutes
and if people treated you bad like you
should feel bad about that and you
should feel
sorrow and you should say that's not
unfair and you should receive
comfort and if you up in some way
you should be reflective
and you should be honest with yourself
about whether you made mistakes or not
and you should learn from that and then
let it truly be water under the bridge
and then you can be happy
[Music]
your daughters are adorable by the way
one second hold on
[Music]
why are you all wet that's why she was
laughing
okay it's okay i'll keep her for five
times yeah yeah that's fine
yeah we're just gonna meditate why are
you all wet
okay
avi why are you all wet okay
um so hello hold on a second can i have
these
no no no but how am i supposed to
seriously you're soaked okay
sorry mira give me just one second okay
hold on hello
how are you
at do you want to talk to the lady
how did you get with this
daddy needs to teach this mirror to
meditate can
can daddy teach me something to meditate
you want to meditate with us
okay hey
hey i can't blame her evie can you guys
even see her
okay avi
let me get can i have can i have it back
no
okay mira i can't hear you but i can
still try to teach you how to
baby can i have this please okay we're
gonna go ahead and we'll we'll do this
let's try to do
oh my god we're gonna have reverb if i
unplug it
you smell like soap
just give me a minute okay i'm gonna try
to drop her off okay let's go
let's go play something you can go play
something okay
okay go go go go go go go go go go
she's so cute
okay okay
yep all right
mira questions sorry about that
um let's fix your hair
crazy banana
can you hear me okay yeah
um is it okay if you just chills here
for a second of course
yeah what's her name her name is avi
[Music]
hmm
thoughts or questions sorry i was you
know talking at you for a while
it's a pop filter sweetie
can sure feel it
okay let's step outside for a minute and
then daddy's gonna daddy's almost done
and then we can play something okay but
can you go be outside for a little bit
can i finish up
[Music]
okay
they get so confused when i'm home
and now we're home all the time so they
don't understand when it's play time and
when it's not play time
yeah i get it i get it so do you think
it's important that
i i really don't want to go into that
so if there's any type of i guess
negative emotion from the past
do you really think i need to like do
more
work on that and i guess try to close
that
gift i mean it doesn't have to be now
but if if it sits with you still like
you
you owe it to yourself to be unburdened
of that
right i can't just like
move on from that that doesn't really
work like that
um sorry
i'm so sorry about this mira i don't
know if there
give me a second okay i'm sorry
this
[Music]
i'm really sorry about that mirror you
were saying do you have to
you ha do you have to deal with those
emotions
uh yeah i mean it's been a while and i
sort of moved on from that but
um you know you kind of
brought up a few questions and erased
emotions in me so you're saying this
will
keep effect in my overall state
somewhere there
this is going to keep sitting and i need
to clean it up absolutely
cleaning it up may not be as hard as you
think it is though
well see when i try to talk to a
therapist about this most of times they
don't even get that stuff and i mean
talking to people that
cause the negativity in my life is
definitely
useless so a good way to be just
ignoring it i guess close enough well so
processing emotions doesn't have to
happen
through talking about them so i think
like this is where something like a good
meditative practice
could help but you know if you're going
to become a psychologist
at some point oftentimes the training of
becoming a psychologist
involves like doing therapy yourself
like being a client
or patient in therapy i'm not saying you
have to deal with it now
and it doesn't necessarily have to be
with a professional although i think
that's good and i'm surprised to hear
that you say that
you know therapists don't understand
this stuff
you know twitch and gaming and like so
far
from what like normies i shouldn't say
normally like normal people
yeah life are like they it's hard for
them to relate usually
well yeah but i mean i think a good
therapist is
like there are a lot of things i mean i
have a lot of clients that i don't
relate to because i can't understand
like take for example you like i can't
understand i've never been crucified on
the internet before
i'm not a woman on the internet and are
going to be fundamental things about
your experience that i will never be
able to understand
right like how can i know what it's like
to be a woman on the internet because
that's very different from being a man
on the internet
how do you advise in situations like
that you just do it for the best of your
knowledge
yeah so so if you don't know
like but in order to help someone you
don't have to be able to relate to them
fully
right you just need to be able to
support them uh you kind of like lead
them in the
through the process right and they do
not even lead them but like for example
you know when i have a client who talks
about postpartum depression
i have no idea what postpartum
depression is like like i can't even
begin to understand postpartum
depression because i can't begin to like
understand what it's like to be pregnant
and when i talk when i work with women
with postpartum depression they'll say
things like
you know they'll feel like bad mothers
like they're not
a good mother and like i can't i don't
know what that feels like right like i
don't know what it's like
when you can't breastfeed a child and
people judge you for not breastfeeding
because breastfeeding is healthier than
bottle feeding and all that kind of crap
there's a lot of stuff that i can't
understand but it doesn't mean that i
can't help people
and and the this is the beauty is that
like actually
mira like you don't need someone to
teach you and this is the whole thing
you're looking for me for answers like i
think you grossly underestimate
what you yourself are capable of
you don't need someone who's gone
through your experience and it's bad on
their part if they didn't
help you understand this or maybe they
didn't you just didn't have a good
connection with them
but like you're gonna you're able to do
most of this work on your own
like you need some help and some support
you need a space more than anything else
you need space to do this work and that
can come from trees it can come from
meditative practice it can come from a
person
and you need to feel those things and
then like recognize that you were hurt
and that you know you're scarred
and also let yourself recognize that it
doesn't make you a bad person
that there have been may have been
mistakes that you you made there may
have been things that you did that were
callous
what is callus callus is like unfeeling
right like you you may have
you may have done things without the
consideration of other people's feelings
ah okay but that too doesn't it doesn't
mean that you're a sociopath a lot of
times when people
are mean to other people it comes from
hurt
and so like if you did lash out in some
way or you were mean to people in some
way like does that come from hurt or
does that come from you being a bad
person
because somewhere inside you right now
is this idea that you're not good enough
or you're a bad person or something i
don't really know
like there's something in there about
the way that you view yourself where you
have this like
very very like relentless focus on
positivity and finding the right answer
but like why do you need the right
answer like why do you need to be better
like why can't you just be content with
the person that you are
because there's something within you
that's like deeply discontent
and what is that and why aren't you
happy right now
what's missing from your life is it
something external or is it something
do you believe that something that you
do in the outside world is gonna make a
certain feeling in here go away
it's honestly not that i feel like i'm a
bad person i feel bad about myself
it's that whip that's telling me that i
need to progress
i need to keep going just get better get
better
just fix everything be perfect get to
that final form that's what it is
yeah right but if you think about that
if you feel like you have to get better
you're not happy with who you are
those two things come hand in hand yeah
definitely not fully and so how can you
learn to be
happier and what is it that has taught
you to be unhappy with who you are
because that's learned top of the list
is tiger parents
honestly it's just the society around
i feel so good by myself like it's when
i interact with
other people not always but like there's
some interactions with other people it
just brings so much
traction and i'm just like oh yeah
being by yourself or somewhere in the
nature just it's that's
good so absolutely i'm not a social
human being i guess
no i don't know that it's your social
human being i think you're a human being
who's been hurt by other human beings
so what if those human beings think that
i heard them
they felt hurt by you i i don't know
maybe you were just not compatible
possibly
sure but you have to acknowledge the
possibility that you did hurt them
and maybe that's what you're steering
away from
so right mira we can definitely have
you know we can i'm gonna have to get
going in a couple of minutes
and i definitely want to teach you to
meditate and i want to give you a chance
to ask questions if you have questions
um but let me try to like tie things up
for you so the first thing is
i think that you're on a wonderful path
and i you know i really am rooting for
you
um i don't know exactly what happened
i'm not i sort of
sometimes i wonder whether it's a good
thing or a bad thing that i'm not too
familiar with like
who people are on twitch um
but i think it's wonderful that you're
like exploring this and you're trying to
figure out what you want to do and that
you want to help other people
very concretely i think you should spend
some time being happy on your own like
with trees and stuff
and the cool thing is like if you let
some of these emotions up i think the
trees are going to help you with those
and you kind of let it up and you let it
out and you leave them with the trees
the trees will take it
they have no problem with it and then
you kind of come back
and then i think that you've just been
hurt like you're someone who's been
traumatized
right and you've gotta like you can't
trauma
water under the bridge is not is a lot
of times what trauma feels like but it's
not really like under the bridge
it's just in the basement it's not truly
gone
it's just tucked away
and i think i can feel it on my own
right if i just
spend time with nature and just the good
things i hope so
i hope so but maybe you can't i don't
know
right yeah and and
you know i think there are definitely
some techniques that i can teach you
today which hopefully will give you a
better understanding of yourself
these techniques are not geared towards
understanding i mean they're not geared
towards healing they're geared towards
understanding
and yeah i mean i think that
i i don't know that you're gonna be able
to heal it
on yourself and even then we see a
subtle
example of your thought process which is
this ideal of you being healed
like can you accept that you may never
be fully healed you'll never get back to
hp you know that you'll get to 90. like
that comes back to this once again your
final form of a perfect healed
like that's the problem is like you you
have to accept that you're going to be
flawed
right right
okay
so thoughts questions before we meditate
let's get to it
okay so um
let me first ask you do you wanna
have you done like breath oriented
meditation before
um i tried one hot one okay
um so i have two techniques both of
which i've kind of taught i think on
stream before
so some of this may be familiar have you
seen the charging the laser beam
technique
that's what people call it here okay so
i'm going to teach you a form of
meditation that
is focused on your agna chakra agna
chakra is your third eye
i like that x in there
these are third eye meditations and if
you have the option to like if you ever
join like a yoga classroom meditation
class
and people have can teach you third eye
meditations i would learn those because
i think you have a talent for it
um so the technique is kind of weird so
i want you to take your middle finger
sit up straight take your middle finger
is it okay that i'm cross-legged
yeah cross-legged is great i'm actually
going to sit cross-legged myself
so take your middle finger close your
eyes sit up straight keep your neck
straight
and i want you to hover your middle
finger above
yeah a little bit further down yeah
right there close your eyes
don't touch your forehead
just hover it right above your forehead
and then focus on the sensation
on your forehead do you feel anything on
your forehead
with your finger hovering above it
i feel my left leg is falling asleep
okay you can adjust positions if you
need to but
just focus on the spot between your
eyebrows
okay so hover means like
one sorry english is your second
language like a millimeter away
center or okay
and if you don't feel anything you can
move a little bit closer but you don't
want to touch
and just concentrate on the point
between your eyebrows
maybe a few millimeters above
the center of your eyebrows
and hover your right hand middle finger
above it
and now go ahead and let your hand rest
come down
keep your eyes closed and focus on that
point in your forehead
try to send your attention
and your focus into that point
my headphones died sorry no problem
just focus your attention on
the center of your forehead kind of
between your eyebrows
and tell me if you feel anything
i think i feel
i feel warmth in my face but i think
it's because i'm just
hot right now okay so notice that
sensation
and return your concentration to the
to the eyebrow center
and now take a deep breath in
and notice the
air as it enters your nose
and notice the air as it leaves
and now with a breath inward
imagine the breath going up to that
point between your eyebrows
feel the coolness of the air as it
enters your nose
travels up
and now let your concentration return to
the point between your eyebrows
let go of the breath and bring your
finger up again
and point it at the spot
uh
bring it down
let your hand come down
concentrate on the spot
and now we'll bring the practice to a
close
put your palms together in front of you
i kind of like a namaste perfect rub
them together so you feel heat
and warmth and friction fast fast fast
fast fast fast fast
and then come over your eyes cup your
hands over your eyes
take a deep breath and as you exhale
slowly open your eyes
and let your hands come down when you're
ready
how do you feel
i feel a little bit lighter
i do have a lot of images going on
through my mind though when i close my
eyes uh do you have that too when you
meditate
not usually what do you mean by images
like first when you told me to put my
finger here
and i really started focusing on there
with my eyes closed i saw that i had a
big
bolt going through my hat
then as i started breathing deeply in
and it
said to push that air through it i kind
of pushed the bullet out
with the breath and i just had a hole
so i was thinking about the hole that i
have in there and my scalp
and then you told me to put the finger
there again and i put it all the way
through and i started
i had my hand and my head and going all
the way through my body it's just i have
a lot of images in my head usually when
i
take yeah good sounds good to me
yeah i think everyone's experience of
these techniques is different
but some of the sensations that you're
describing to me
make sense and like i think you're doing
it right basically
and and if you have those images let
those images come and
see you know not that you should analyze
them
too too extensively but if you want to
reflect on their meaning that's fine
and try to do the practice for let's say
three to five minutes and then
eventually work your way up to 10 or 15
minutes
i would shoot for three times a week
although if you want to be ambitious and
do every day that's
fine and then also
go ahead does it matter when i do that
so the short answer is any time is good
but sometimes are better
dawn and dusk are the best times for
meditation
there's some interesting stuff around
circadian rhythm cortisol levels
and like your body's natural cycle and
dawn and dusk are very attuned for
mental or spiritual activity
so if that's doable you know meditate at
sunrise or sunset
should i try not to think about anything
okay sorry
excuse me for a second
[Music]
i think i should let dr k go
you were saying should i try not to
think about anything
all right if i do have this
feeling right yeah so as you have
thoughts
you can kind of notice your thoughts but
don't get caught up in them
right and then you know you can have a
thought and then let your attention
return
to your forehead or your practice so
your attention is going to go away and
then it'll come back
and then if you have images you can sit
with those images i think that's fine
images or sensations just sit with those
and then a thought may happen but like
an image is not exactly a thought does
that make sense
right so i shouldn't try to block them i
can play with them right
yeah sure play with them and then then
don't
you'll you'll see i mean you'll let
yourself you can kind of play around
with it i think play with them is
actually the perfect thing to do
but don't get caught up in them unless
it feels
like don't get caught up in thoughts and
then after meditation
you may find that some of these thoughts
or sensations
or feelings start to arise and if they
arise after your meditation or before
your meditation
or even during your meditation you can
let them come up
don't get but don't go down the rabbit
hole with them
and if you want to reflect or process or
something like that you can do that
but i'd say especially after meditation
is when you should
let your mind be active and think and
try to understand and reflect on what
your experience has been
okay and in your case especially i don't
know that it's so much about time but i
do imagine it's about location
so i don't know where you live or what
the state of germa you said you're in
germany
yeah what germany is like but if you
have access to trees
i would strongly strongly recommend
that you make this practice part of like
even an hour-long thing where you go
outside you hike for a while
you find a spot sit down meditate for
like 15 or 20 minutes
and then you know let those thoughts
come up and those feelings come up and
then leave them
with the trees and then come back a
little bit lighter
yeah i'll do that thank you
strong work today thank you so much
any final thoughts or questions before
we wrap up
uh just please keep streaming
i absolutely love what you do it's just
so helpful to so many people
watching your streams just
please keep doing this cool will do
all right thank you take care and good
luck mira we're i'm really rooting for
you okay
and if you run into if you have
questions about meditation or something
like shoot me a dm
and and we can talk about it okay all
right all right take care
bye-bye okay
[Music]
so
okay sorry about all the interruptions
guys i don't i think my daughter's
having a rough day today
um and so she's just you know it's
confusing for her because i'm at home
and she doesn't understand when
she can play with me and when she can't
so i apologize if that kind of disrupted
things
i think it sort of pulled mirror off the
hook though because she was getting you
know we were
going into some um pulled her off the
hook is maybe not the right term
but you know i think it was timely
that she went to a place that was
important for her and then also
got a break from it which is important
right we don't want to just like swim
around down there
we want to we want to we want to go
there for a time
and feel those feelings and then also
take a break for a time
right we don't want to like jump into
the ocean and live in the ocean we want
to
go for a quick dip and then come out and
dry off and then go again and then dry
off and
the more times you do that the better
you'll get it swimming
so unfortunately um daughters are the
raid boss dude let me tell you what
um we're unfortunately i don't have time
with all those interruptions for q
a today but uh just a quick reminder
that
on friday we're going to have will sue
who's going to be talking about
psychedelics
he's a buddy of mine out in la um also a
harvard trained physician
who's an expert in psychedelics for both
medical and non-medical uses
so a big thing that's interesting about
will so will's a psychiatrist
um is that he's actually a proponent he
thinks that psychedelics are becoming
overly medicalized
and believes that they have value
outside of like treatment of
ptsd and depression and thinks that they
can be useful tools for
growth and understanding and
self-development
so we're going to have him on stream on
friday
and i don't know exactly i mean like i'm
not going to interview him the way that
i do normal people but he's just going
to share his perspective because it's
something that our community is really
interested in
and i'm an expert in a lot of things but
um you know he's definitely more
knowledgeable than i am so he's
he's offered to come on and and talk to
us
um and thank you guys very much for
all of the support you guys have given
uh i saw we had you know some gifted
subs and things like that
i really appreciate that twitch prime
subs donations all that stuff really
helps
um and and i i appreciate everyone who's
offered to come on stream and has come
on stream and and shared their
difficulties
even though it's clearly hard for them
and you know i struggle
a little bit about being respectful and
being authentic so i apologize if
if i i step out of line there and if you
guys feel like i do something out of
line
um you know please let me know and i'm
i'm happy to consider it or
reconsider my actions last thing is
uh friday also marks the kickoff
of mental health awareness month and
healthy gamer is
we're going to be trying to raise some
money to support our coaching program
which is to help people work through
stuff kind of the way that they work
through things with me but i'm training
coaches
and so we're going to be doing some
fundraising around that
and so hopefully y'all uh
you know around that month and we're
gonna try to do a couple of other things
um you know some more fun stuff
cosplays etc and let's go ahead and send
some love to
dylan kg who's a small time streamer but
apparently is awesome
so let's raid the out of him and
our aoe our
raid message is always is aoe healing so
send some love to dylan
and take care of yourselves i'll see you
guys on friday
[Music]